//Super Mario Bros
//Tallis Bowers, Breanna Devore-McDonald, nicholascjones, Riley Reuvers
//User Manual



- General Report:
	
	*User Perspective:
		From the user's perspective, this game is relatively simple. For more detail, look forward
		under the "Controls and Instructions" section. This game is a sidescrolling platformer in
		which the user plays as Mario, an Italian Plumber, and must defeat a series of enemies in
		advancing towards the end of the level, which he reaches by walking, running, and jumping
		towards the right side of the map. He can only do this through user control, and with the
		help of an incredible leaping ability, a few conveniently (or inconveniently) placed bricks,
		and mushrooms with magical powers.

	*Programmer's Perspective:
		From a programmer's perspective, this game takes a highly object-oriented approach to making
		a game from scratch with only the help of the included SDL2 graphics library and a series of
		sprite images, credit to an online user at arik239.deviantart.com . 


-Special Library Inclusion:
	For this project, as far as special downloads needed, one must include the SDL2 library for graphics
	in order to build our game.

-Instructions for Building and Compiling Program:
	In order to compile our program, one must download all of the files from our our Github repository 
	(https://github.com/bdevorem/FinalProject), and use the make command, which utilizes the Makefile we
	created for the purposes of this project.

-Controls and Instructions:
	To play this game, the controls are relatively simple. The left and right arrow keys on the keyboard
	allow the user to move left and right respectively, and the up arrow allows the user to jump in the air;
	while in the air, they can move slowly left and right with the arrow keys as well. The main objective of
	the game is for Mario (the protagonist) to move rightwards across the screen and make it to the end of
	the level, which is the goal. Mario is opposed in his journey by a series of antagonists who, if they touch
	him from the side, will kill him. In order to defeat these enemies, he must jump on them; the Goombas are
	subject to death after one bounce, whereas it takes one bounce to send the Koopa into his shell, and a second
	bounce to finish him off. If Mario gets a mushroom, he changes color and is able to take a hit of damage from
	an enemy without dying. Lastly, Mario is able to land upon the brick blocks as platforms if need be.

-Known Bugs:
	* If a monster is randomly placed within a block obstacle, it will think that it is trapped between two walls
		and continue to oscillate back and forth as if bounded by them.
	* Sprites are rectangular in nature and in some cases, cause overlap over background or other sprites, particularly
		the cloud sprites in the sky. This causes for some odd visual effects.
	* Collisions between the enemies and each other, as well as obstacles, do not necessarily come into effect all of
		the time; sometimes, the collision does not actually occur. We decided to let this remain in the game due
		to the fact that it makes the game less predictable and moderately more challenging.
	* Despite efforts to fix it, enemies still spawn between the end of level stairway and the flag. We decided to not
		work towards changing this as the enemies in this location are not relevant and simply serve as scenery.
	
